Add aggregate to collection (#6)
LinusU/node-albatross: readme.md

Deletes multiple documents matching `filter`. Resolves with the number of documents deleted.

#### `aggregate(pipeline[, opts]): Promise<object[]>`

> Transforms the document according to the multi-stage `pipeline`. Resolves with the aggregated objects.

Reviewer: I think that "the document" is ambiguous here 🤔 what is it really that will be transformed?

Maybe something like this: (copied from the MongoDB documentation 😁)

```suggestion
Executes an aggregation framework pipeline against the collection. Resolves with the aggregated objects.
```
